Clarify group behavior (#8872)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/environment-permissions.md

- Analyst
- Database admin
- Developer<sup>*</sup>
- Git admin
- Team admin

> <sup>*</sup> In the [enterprise permissions](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions) table, `Developer` has read-only access to environment settings. When a group includes the **Developer** role, **Environment write access** defaults to `All environments`, which grants broader environment permissions than the table implies. `Analyst`, `Database admin`, `Git admin`, and `Team admin` get read-only environment access by default until you change **Environment write access** for that group.

Reviewer: This is a little hard for me to wrap my brain around.  I'm going to make a few suggestions but feel free to change them.

> until you change **Environment write access** for that group
This reads like you're selecting "Environment write settings" but your selctign 
```suggestion
<sup>*</sup> In the [enterprise permissions](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions) table, the `Developer` role has read-only access to environment settings, unless a group includes the **Developer** role, then **Environment write access** defaults to `All environments`, which grants broader environment permissions than the table implies. The `Analyst`, `Database admin`, `Git admin`, and `Team admin` roles get **Read-only environment access** by default unless you specify different access under **Environment write access** for that group.
```

> <sup>*</sup> In the [enterprise permissions](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions) table, `Developer` has read-only access to environment settings. When a group includes the **Developer** role, **Environment write access** defaults to `All environments`, which grants broader environment permissions than the table implies. `Analyst`, `Database admin`, `Git admin`, and `Team admin` get read-only environment access by default until you change **Environment write access** for that group.

Author: You make great suggestions, but I want to be clear that it's adding the role to the group that changes the setting and it's role-by-role
```suggestion
<sup>*</sup> In the [enterprise permissions](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions) table, the `Developer` role has read-only access to environment settings, but when added to a group, the **Environment write access** field defaults to `All environments`, which grants broader environment permissions than the table implies. The `Analyst`, `Database admin`, `Git admin`, and `Team admin` roles get **Read-only environment access** by default unless you specify different access under **Environment write access** for that group.
```
